add userLoad documentation (#660)
ONSAS/ONSAS.m: docs/src/creatingModels.md

where $f_i$ are the components of forces and $m_i$ are the moments. Both forces or moments are considered per unit of length in the case of `truss`/`frame`/`edge` elements, or per unit of area in the case of `triangle`.

### `boundaryConds.userLoadsFileName`

> cell with filenames of `.m` function file provided by the user that can be used to apply other forces. The user can update the external nodal force of the system based on the real-time position, velocity, and acceleration of the elements, all in global coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string with the filename of the `.m` function file provided by the user that can be used to apply forces not given by time-varying loadFactors. This function file should be placed in the example folder and it must receive two arguments:  t (the time) and UsCell (a cell with: {the current displacement, velocity and acceleration} ). The function should one forces vector with the size of all the degrees of freedom of the problem (in global coordinates).
```
